PP-426/review-documentation (#1)
franciscotobar/devportal: guides/rif-relay/develop.md

## Project structure

The project is divided in 4 modules that interact with each other. Each project has their own documentation on their repository. We also developed a SDK to simplify the integration process.

1. [RIF Relay Contracts](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-contracts)
2. [RIF Relay Common](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-common)
3. [RIF Relay Client](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-client)
4. [RIF Relay Server](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-server)

> 5. [RIF Relay SDK](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-sdk)

Reviewer: I'd mention the sample dapp also

Author: updated

## Project structure

> The project is divided in 4 modules that interact with each other. Each project has their own documentation on their repository. We also developed a SDK to simplify the integration process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The project is divided into multiple modules that interact with each other.
Each project has its own documentation in its repository.
We have also developed an SDK to simplify the integration process.
```

Author: updated

1. [RIF Relay Contracts](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-contracts)
2. [RIF Relay Common](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-common)
3. [RIF Relay Client](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-client)
4. [RIF Relay Server](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-server)
5. [RIF Relay SDK](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-sdk)

> 6. [RIF Relay Smaple dApp](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-sample-dapp)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. [RIF Relay Sample dApp](https://github.com/rsksmart/rif-relay-sample-dapp)
```

Author: updated
